Welcome to AB testing podcast your modern testing podcast your hosts Alan and
Brent will be here to guide you through topics on testing leadership agile and
anything else that comes to mind now on with the show welcome back to the AB
testing podcast I'm still Alan I'm Brent and it's it's episode 201 the aftermath
edition yes and my actual 200 skipped one not done a lot more than 200 if you
count the 343 but anyway which I do if you have caught up in our podcast you
know that our last episode like a year ago three weeks ago was our 200th
episode we I don't think we planned on taking this long of a time off that
stuff life happens you know we're we have life and stuff happens and then we
don't record for a while but we're recording again and I have some ideas
about recording that I wanted to share with you but first of all how's it
going what's new in your world that you're allowed to share under a non-nda
agreement springtime we call it fifth winter in Seattle yeah I know I can now
tell you what what exactly 12 yards of dirt looks like big pallet earth it is
like a big pallet earth it does 12 12 yards of it like I don't know if you so
I'm yeah I see like the cat who is now a regular on the Brent side of the podcast
is batting Brent in the arm for refusing to pet him enough it's her this is her
sorry this is scruffy and yeah she's like you've left me alone at home all day long
I apologize for getting your pronouns wrong all right yeah yeah she can't hear
you but I'm sure she accepts it cool cool I think that if I ignore she'll
ignore me all right were you in the middle of answering a question or just
kind of hanging out yeah I'm busily nuking my yard I am I am now tired of
getting a free vibration massage just by mowing the lawn so I've got a bunch of
dirt leveling it out and we'll go from there cool we have a lawn about half the
size of my office here so I'm all with a push mower in about five minutes nice
no vibration needed hey so I'm I had an idea and I hadn't told you about it and
it's already kind of wrecked but I think I can salvage it okay and this is
behind the scenes of a B testing it's not an idea for you those of you that pay
close attention to the a B testing podcast know that Brent shows up and
then we record and then I do all the editing and get you the wonderful
podcast that you hear now now it usually takes me about 150 to 200% of the
podcast length to edit and because I go through and I do a couple things I get
rid of Brent coughing in the background just happened a minute ago if I don't get
that out of there when Brent decides to type in the middle of when I'm talking I
get that out of there and then also I do both of us get rid of some of the
filler words that we use I could actually it was funny here is I could
probably replicate all of Brent's filler words if I want I may do that for fun
sometime because they're pretty consistent they're pretty consistent but
anyway but and sometimes when we talk over each other it's good in the moment
but I'll shift things around I'll actually do I'll actually shift things
around so we're not sounds like a conversation and not the cacophony that
we usually generate and try to make it sound pretty good and of course I'll
always do all the the tweaking on audio levels and settings etc but I've
been doing that for 200 episodes which is fine it's actually I'll drink wine
will I do it I'll be all I can't like watch a TV show cuz I can't after the
one set of audio at a time but it's fine not complaining but after 200 I wanted
to get 200 recorded and get it out so I spent a grand total of about 10 minutes
at most and I just yanked out all of the places where Brent was typing or
coughing or breathing heavily into the microphone I usually spot those things
visually and go silence those in a second you should so you shouldn't have
been dealing with the breathing thing for a while because I've no longer use
this Mike no no it still shows up sometimes it's still it depends it
depends so anyway I I'm gonna do an experiment so here's what I need Brent
you won't notice but for the listeners I am going to spend remarkably
less time editing this podcast and maybe the next one till we get some feedback
I'm still gonna get the levels and the audio as good as I can and get
everything in there oh you know what I was dumb I should have played usually
when I edit then I go in and add the intro I should just start doing that
live from now on and give me one damn less thing to do I blew it I blew it
next time I'll get that but I'm gonna make an experiment see if a few more
words don't take too much away from the podcast I'll see if I can time back
set it to 15 or less and see what happens anyway that was my revelation after doing
200 and let me know I'm happy again if people come and say you know what Alan
when you don't edit you two sound like a couple of dumb shits then I'll go
back and make us sound less dumb shitty that's the time I just want to
make sure if anytime to make sure we sound a little bit smarter than we
actually are both of us all right brand has given me for the first time ever he
has given me two fingers up and the fingers are thumbs this time which is
pretty amazing yeah I'm finding that if I for the most part just stay on mute
then I'm not gonna get in trouble give it give it this new rules so before
you were like well fuck it I'll just get into I mean well now I have to go edit
that damn it I'm just I don't know what to do nobody will notice who's gonna
report me right what happens if I don't put the explicit tag on and I say that
again I'll leave it in there once maybe it's like PG where I can get away with it
once as long as I don't repeat I don't know I don't know anyway do you want to
oh go ahead oh I've been thinking about this all week so I'll wait for you I'm
done tell me what you're thinking about I will tell you something that we haven't
talked about I am hoping you already know about this but I'm kind of hoping you
don't okay that hash a core was bought by IBM no okay cuz that sucks anyway go on
Amazon Prime yes fallout already watched the whole series in one day did you I
wasn't able to but all weekend oh my god was that good dude I even talked about
it last week not yet not today but a week ago on my five for Friday okay because
it's uh so my wife started watching it and she says hey I've been watching
Fallout it's really good I said hold the f on your been watching for favorite
video game always oh is it based on a video game back from the mic for a little
bit so I said would you would you like to stop like hatch up or shall we start
over and we started over okay watch from the beginning and it's like it is of
course in the fallout world but not the storyline so I get a lot of questions of
is that in the game is that in the game or me saying that's in the game like when
they go to Red Rock I'm not giving spoilers away because the series is
great it's a story in the fallout world with just enough total scene steals from
the game from Fallout 4 probably for some other fallouts to the fallout 4
really pops up there a lot that it's like oh my god that's so cool like the
Red Rocket diner which is gonna bring up a minute ago the the armor and and the
armor and like the armor stations where you work on the armor it's like they're
they are perfect yeah perfect and and I was reading an article but that's the
gave them no requirements on the power armor they could have done whatever they
wanted to and they decided to keep it like legit and I'm like awesome that's
what you should have done that's what you did do that's fantastic couple of
things that I learned after all right it's like don't know still really no
spoilers so apparently the series that is I didn't realize this but it's a
hundred years after fallout new vegas okay I didn't I'm like because I
throughout the entire show I'm like the hell what are they talking about right
um and it's it's a hundred years after if there's only one thing that I caught
that I'm like yeah that's not how it happens in the game I won't necessarily
bring it up here but it is really good oh we get dog meat backstory that might
have been us that might have been a spoiler there but dog meat is one of my
favorite characters in the entire series it was great to see him I'm like
Doug it her damn you and your pronouns today with the animals I didn't I didn't
check the gender in the game they they mentioned she's a she in the in the show
I've forgotten but I'm like that's fine saying pronouns mean nothing to me I guess
maybe that's bad nevermind gotta me and the and the thing that got me like just
just stupid 12 year old giggly was with the very first episode and a guy died
be by being well that might be a spoiler but the junk jet I'm like that's a joke
kid oh my god you know what else is cool is and again no spoilers but the Pip
boys but the Pip boy when you go near radiation the exact same sound as the
game yeah I noticed that too I'm like well I don't have in the game I don't
I just get the cooking noise I don't yeah yeah anyway you know it really well
done like I said it's a whole new story so it's totally accessible for somebody
who's never played the game but also a lot of fun for those of us that has and
I don't know if you know this Amazon made the streaming versions of a lot of
the fallout games free going along with the series so they could a lot of
people than playing those I don't know the head yeah streaming we get ma'am wake
up we got a podcast to do yes the year so it so but you mentioned that the
fallout the series is like a hundred years after fallout new Vegas isn't
fallout 4 just like basically right after new Vegas so isn't it really like a
hundred years after fallout 4 as well or it or is fallout 4 later I don't know
the timeline and then fallout 76 was based way earlier in the thing like in
but probably not on any 76 2076 I don't know how it works out 21 70 was 200 years
after everybody's podcast hey everybody shall we shall we actually talk about
like well a be testing no none of that stuff do you want to do anything else
before we do the the thing hold up maybe all right all fallout games in
chronological order so 76 is first right and that was in the 2100s early 2100s
okay then fallout 1 which I played not play 2161 fallout tactics which I did not
play me neither fallout brotherhood is that that was 2197 fallout brotherhood is
steel I did play 2208 I didn't do that one either follow up to 2241 I played
did not follow up 320 played that 2277 then new Vegas is new Vegas is 2281
played that 2281 and 4 is 2287 okay so I'll basically right after yeah those
two were close enough so so even this series is like a hundred after right and
fallout new Vegas like the NRC is a big deal there and it's also a big deal in
the series wait what year is fallout for 2287 and when is the series 23 87
23 80 the site I'm looking at doesn't state okay but there again there was
another article I read that said the series is around a hundred years after
new Vegas all right we'll figure it out and okay then yeah okay then now that
everyone is bored and I did get to write a new song so that's good why don't we
just bring it back to something we haven't done in a long time let's go
old-school you're ready to go old-school Brent I am let's kick it off with oh that
was way better that's not old-old-school that's just old days old days
go like this I say and then I go in post I would go edit and add the audio
in there now it's live because I know how to do that now thank you Riverside
FM we got a couple mailbag questions and the way you get into our mailbag is you
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to no you don't because that's that's
stupid you actually fax something no that's a dumber what you do if you join
our slack community you can get an invite by going to modern testing org and
finding the stupid link click on that you can join our slack one of the three
dot slack comm over 1,000 members and climbing we hit what yeah we got we've
had more people joined since last time and you can go to the mailbag channel or
all you have to do is ask a question somewhere and then if I or somebody
says that's a good mailbag question you can add the mailbag reaction to a message
and bam it shows up in the mailbag channel and that's that's how we roll
because we're cool and we do automated stuff because I am because lazier is
better okay you know it's not lazy me reading a four paragraph question for you
that's what's not hey by the way I love all of our listeners but man shorter
questions all right God what what do you think I am just teasing this came
from Sean Curtis thank you very much for the question I just moved from a
software agency housing 25 employees and 14 natural projects so small company over
to a large organization of hundreds of people and a few dozen services which all
tie in together okay stuff's getting bigger in my first week I've heard a lot
of developers who are stuck in not my problem mentality which is very damaging
to the products in the organization itself true as part of my onboarding I
kind of expected some level of documentation on the services I will be
testing but that's not even remotely a thing here been there with the rise of AI
I'm wondering if there could be an Azure solution because they use Azure tools to
analyze all of the repos and produce a context diagram based on the current
state of committed works or is that too ambitious I guess the underlying
question here is would there be added risks with a QA engineer writing the
documentation based on the develop solution outside of capturing developer
influence so I want to answer all this I'm only gonna and I'm gonna let you
answer first like the easy question which is can we analyze have AI analyze the
repos and produce a context diagram based on the current state of committed works
and I'll elaborate on some answers for the second one
Brent you're up can we do that could AI do that I'm trying to recall is context
diagram an actual formal thing well I don't know but okay but I don't know
and I'm gonna answer for you if you don't get to it yeah it can generate it for
sure whether it's useful or does anything good is a separate question well it's
talking about documentation and maybe I'll do the second one first I think
this is actually a really good question and something maybe more company should
do because I remember it I'm sure you did this back in the day when we were
in test I remember having no documentation for something I was testing
no spec for it and that and as a result of testing it I would write up a diagram
not diagram I would write up a document saying this is how this thing works and
what it does and maybe not totally in-depth but a pretty good deep
document describing what the thing was I was testing did and how it works and
all that and I would give it to our program managers and say here here's a
document describing what what we're building is it right and they go works
for me so we're just asking AI to do that for us which I think it actually
do a better job at right that that is absolutely possible today it's probably
going to take more time to get the AI to do something useful with the nut right
he talks about repos there like GPT has a token limit you can't just like point
it at a repo and say document this right you you have to write code on top of
that but yeah it could it certainly could do something there with some
creativity with some thought you could have it do something smart there you
could have it I guess my bigger question though before letting you finish your
question is okay but what's the point right if you if you're gonna have it
sit there writing the documentation to me it feels like the time would be better
spent having it right documented test cases and here I don't mean like
documented in a you know in like a test case manager I mean like automated test
cases with useful comments as to why those are there okay so I'm doing the
Brent I'm actually our roles are reversed Brent's being sensible and I'm trying
something out so my hypothesis is that and I know it can do this because I've
done it before is to ask chat GPT or co-pilot what this code does and or even
you make an API documentation for this code or whatever and it would do pretty
well yeah it will and I imagine you could do it on large sets it actually be
pretty pretty doable what I have just done and and I have chat GPT for thinking
hard because it's typing very slowly it's answer but what I did and you can do
this on your own so much sharing my screen is I took last year's winter
winter this is why I edit this is cold cold hard uncut just like your roast ham
I pasted copied and pasted last year's winner of the obfuscated see contest
familiar with this for those you are not this is right perfectly functional yet
impossible to read code and see and I paste it in the chat GPT and said what
does this code do and it is slowly telling me I it's really have no hard
time but it's getting there we don't have time to wait for it but it actually
tells me enough and what's here it actually did pretty well not great all
right that's a bad one this is a bad example but what they've done in this
case is rather than put it in one file they have made the worst make file in
all history to actually identify some of the macros in there which makes this
absolutely impossible to figure out it would take some time to train chat GPT
anyway the point those who haven't turned off the podcast yet the point is that I
think yes the answer is yes we took a very long time to say yes you can use AI
to help in this scenario I may have I did something myself sharing screen
because I think it's funny great this is great for podcast yeah absolutely so I
took I asked what did this do by the way I found a code example for doing a Morse
code converter right very very little code I pasted it into the Bing bot and as
Alan will validate that broke it it is it is typing the 2016 Olympic Games are not
yet in the public domain over and over and over you completely broke it right
and it started off with a bunch of dots than random numbers and I'm like that is
excellent well you really yeah and now because I spent a lot of my time with LLM
I'm like how did I get there from here yes like anyway yeah I'll let you know you
had to have shot I don't know what you did but that is cooler than crap no you
see my prompt I just say what does this do when I gave it code I do yeah I do I
see it I see it it's uh and normally it works I have like I've given it SQL code
I've given it and so let me get back on topic for this question and I want to
again I hypothesize on stuff because you know more way more about the stuff than I
do but I think asking code what it giving a tragedy PTC code in general and
asking it what it does is probably going to give you more useful information and
having it right tests you more useful information than having it write code for
you co-pilot of course is very good at writing code but you have to did you lose
me okay I got a little real thing here all right
co-pilot is very good at writing code but I don't think we're at a point where we
can all trust it as much as we want to yet no and while it's an AI um yeah you
should continue to not trust it like I will tell you I spend the majority of my
time anytime I do an LLM exercise I spend the majority of my time going
okay now how will I at scale determine if it's hallucinating I have actually come
up with a neat trick but I got to do a little bit more polish on it and and
then I'll come back and share it it's fun I'll tell you what I am doing as a
nutshell because maybe this one's fire folks everyone is using the LLM right now
to give us answers to things tell us stuff right you know the old phrase give
a man a fish the eat for a day teach them the fish be for a lifetime I was
like oh what if I get the LLM to teach me to fish so instead of telling me the
the answer I'm looking for tell me instead how to work out the answer
myself that's number one number two do so in a way that ends up being machine
reusable like that I started off doing this like I always have a prompt now of
outputting this in a JSON payload which it will do really well if you tell it
upfront like what your keys should be it'll output it in a JSON payload but
what I'm now working through is yeah give me don't give me the answer give me how
to figure it out myself and I have some more specific thoughts around this one
I got to talk try it out because if I can connect it to another system known as
an expert system then I'll say this quite broadly I will have have solved the
hallucination problem very interesting I think we talked about this before but
two or three five four Fridays ago I not three maybe three or four I posted a
quiz somebody made sort of an interactive LLM quiz but the idea was had
ten questions varying difficulty of the goal was to get the LLM to give the
right answer and in some cases it couldn't because LLMs are stupid parrots
but you could prompt it better to give the proper answer by it was a good
little training on how to give better prompts we kind of need to do like
you're on to something there with coding I think too many people are saying write
this code for me or tell me how to do this or do this algorithm and I think
there's something we could do around and I hate I will not and I refuse to use
the word prompt engineering phrase prompt engineering did you have a book
and Brent seriously seriously was looking at a book I didn't even see
the title of it called prompt engineering for everyone and now I'm
gonna be a little sick no a lot sick I'll try and hold it in if it gives
inspiration maybe but and I get the I get the gist of it and that's the title
that sells yeah every single person I see crapping on any aspect of Gen AI and
LLMs and again it's not a perfect science but all the people who are air
quotes skeptical about it don't have a clue how they work hence can't give it a
prompt that will help them understand if they're useful or not and anyway I think
it applies to coding as well even though it's an area where it actually does
better than a lot of other areas but it needs a little help sometimes and if
you have if you're coming up with some clues around how to kind of outsmart it
make sure it gives you good answers I dig it it's I mean you can use it for
what it is right but I can't like my team and data science team we can't because
it's it's just massive onion peeling if we it is why don't we do this why don't
we have ask again this is a little farther down the road we can ask some
AI to go not fix but go open issues against all the bugs it finds in all of
github see again that's gonna be that is that is code plus hello because of the
token limit true true I'm just thinking of what I'm thinking of as you know I've
always been deeply involved in static analysis tools I thought well this is
not wouldn't that be a flavor of static analysis not we're not asking you to
find like esoteric things but a lot of a lot of things that I guess technically I
guess maybe we just run a static analysis tool against all it get had to be better
be a be an easier use of time so anyway just going come up ideas you know how you
get good ideas Brent they can by connecting it to you get a lot of ideas
and you throw the bad ones away okay I'm just gonna check that one over my
shoulder it'll land on my dog's head yeah but I'm gonna tell you it's not a
bad idea actually no no because static analysis tools will give you one set of
problems LLM can actually point out runtime bugs right if you do it right so
if you were to go let's say you you segmented function by function right you
you can go to a depot and you can create a regex that two parts out doesn't
matter what language you could parse it out let's go by class and break it down
by method and let's go method by method okay and you'll get one set of bugs and
it'll say I don't know what these parameters should be right but it often
tell you you should worry about you know by die languages here or even things of
that nature now the trick though is it's gonna generate all of this crap
that that might even be more words to read than the code itself true so how do
you process that at scale and that's kind of where I'm talking about the
machine reusable bit yeah let me I want to run something by we haven't talked about
this before yeah this is I did this like a year ago my son was in a comp sci
class and just so I could help him I did a couple of his assignments in
parallel so if he had questions I could say oh did you try this and give him a
little hints and one of the assignments was so hard that I asked chat GPT to
give me some help and it actually could not solve it at one point it told me you
can't do it this way please try another method and what I was trying to do but I
actually ended up wrote night I don't have the code of my machine no more I
have I saved it somewhere because I was so actually proud of this assignment I
did for myself only it was a small calculator app had to be entirely
object-oriented absolutely no conditionals in the whole program no
conditionals okay and by the time I got to a solution like I was and I was damn
proud of it like I couldn't believe like I couldn't believe it was possible either
and my son did pretty well on it I think I just had to help him some of the
tests on it I think but of course he was going to class every day where maybe
he's getting some more tips but like no conditionals and I got stuck in a few
different places and I gave Chad GPT the code I written already and judge the
chat GPT for and I said I need I need to do this I can't use a conditional here
how else can I do it I said you can't do that did you should consider writing
this with conditionals it'd be a lot easier I said but no you didn't
understand the assignment so it yeah I ended up even with my best prompting and
maybe that maybe it's smarter now and I could do better prompting but I could not
get it to help me with the parts I was stuck on it was too hard of a problem
for it or maybe a problem that I can't say it hadn't been solved before
because there's lots of object-oriented code around there but probably not much
that tries to do everything with no conditionals anyway it's very interesting
I forgot about the experience I don't know why I never brought it up before
but I I think I was still fairly knew that was six months into the GPT world
GPT for was was pretty much brand new at the time and I was still in the
really kicking the tire stage which I guess I'm still in but earlier in the
entire kicking so immediately when you said that I immediately thought about the
commands pattern which is which is which will get you 95% there but I guess my
question is is try catch considered a conditional try catch is a conditional oh
that nice shot nice shot at a cheat right right I'm like okay what if I do
underscore underscore as and jump but no I get that was it was it's Java Java
virtual machine and let me do something good I assume a switch is a conditional
absolutely so I'm like okay like div by zero like how would you if someone does
a division by zero I actually handled that and I can't remember how there was
away I'm like okay I can do it if I can do a try I will I will dig up the code
and share it with you but like I said it in the end it was super simple and I was
fairly proud of it but I get and then my son only needed help with some of the
tests that we wrote for it so that's uh was that high school college okay it's
still hard I mean it's harder than than any college like I went through but
actually now I think about it I didn't I didn't learn well my object-oriented
class in college was was just was just three weeks long and it was a study of
the types of software coding languages you know what I did I read thinking in
c++ I actually and head first design patterns and the gang of four book and
probably something else along the road I did the the thinking in c++ I did that
Bruce Echol great book after I came back to started at Microsoft and I actually
took a course at Bellevue Community College that used that as its text ah
really cool really cool yeah I bet I fake my way through it but that's maybe
why I had so much fun with it because I never got a chance to do it in college
so it's fun for me to kind of not pretend I was in college but yeah but to
kind of fake me I would have some fun it was it was it was a fun it was a fun
couple of evenings open that out I was frustrated in college because they didn't
teach I wanted them to have a class for c++ they only had a class for C and I
found out pretty quickly that all the cool kids in in the CS degree they were
already self-trained not only on c++ but I forget what was the the name of the
Windows graphic system back then like with all the goddamn handles and all of
that crap just GDI user GDI maybe I don't know but all the cool kids already knew
how to do all that I'm like I don't but function pointers are cool the old time
so yeah yeah like people are gonna regret asking us questions if we answer the
actual question this is what we do like this is the tangent podcast we answer the
actual question in like seconds and then find adjacent things to talk about for
the next 35 minutes I'm sorry did we are we no longer the A.B. testing podcast no
no we are who we are it is totally fine I was totally fine I was worried there
for a second I'm gonna well I don't know I don't think I want to do the other
mailbag I think it's probably pretty good for today yeah yeah I hope you guys
learned something it's good to be back it is I can't believe it's 201 on the
countdown 202 you know well what one podcast at a time what's your
prediction on when we will get to 202 I'm gonna say in a week or two I can't
remember what our schedule is are we up next week because we skipped a week are
we going back to every two weeks from today that's a good question for you and
I that no none of our listeners care about except for Jason said he gets mad
like Jason gets mad when he has to wait two weeks now he's pissed my boss says
he doesn't like when we have guests so we have to do no guests every week I
can't do it yeah no can't do it we should ask your boss on as a guest mmm
why did you say that I'm not
leadership people at a level they can absorb I'm wondering how far his no guest
rule goes oh that would be can I tell you one word one work story about this
because that would be a little bit of a is that a paradox let me tell you the
paradox or I have it work there is another person named Alan Page who works
where I work really yes we're a different department and I feel bad
because he's been there longer but but but he gets way more of my email than I
get of his I see and if it I think it's worse because well it got worse because
for the first time ever we both ended up in the same slack channel because it
turns out my team's helping his team build a thing he's way far removed from
my org and then so in that channel someone tagged me when they meant to tag
him so I jumped in to retag other Alan and then the paradox began and he the
other Alan pointed out that if we converse too much in slack we both ceased to
exist so we're very careful about it there is a paradox there the same with
yeah we yeah I don't know what to do we live in a world of paradox it seems
like he should probably go by his middle name from here on out well I could go I
could go by my middle oh I already do you're right okay all right well we can
do that we can call it a day I will I will not immediately but in the next
little while edit this in 15 minutes or less and see what ends up for the
public this has been fun coming back you know back to low-key there's no big
milestones coming up I don't think we have to do anything fun for 250 until 250
and that's like a long long time from now so back to low-key podcasts and we'll
figure out as we go did I answer by the way we are doing this next week oh the
okay yeah awesome I can do that man I'm in cool all right it's all I got man I'm
Alan I'm right we'll see you next time bye bye